---
tags:
  - daily
---
<< [[Daily/2024-04-11|Yesterday]] |  [[Daily/2024-04-13|Tomorrow]] >>

## General Notes
---
### What is special about today?
- Going to try to install an additional media player on [[kserver]] in order to try out new, possibly better solutions to Plex
- My initial ideas are [Emby](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/emby) and Kodi, although I'm not sure about either.  I need _more research!_
- Also, I don't know if a _server_ is required, or just another _player_ on my devices.

### Learning/Working On:
- I added a couple things to [[Obsidian]].  
	1. In the Obsidian `Files and Links` settings, I set all new notes to be created in the `Unsorted` folder.
	2. In the [[Templater]] settings, I told it to use a newly created [[UnsortedTemplate]] for all files that get created in that `Unsorted` folder.
	3. This UnsortedTemplate has a Templater script in it that forces the user to select a new note _type_ that automatically creates a new note using a specified template, and automatically moves it to a specified folder.  For example, if I create a new note, it automatically drops into the `Unsorted` folder.  Since Templater sees this and applies the `UnsortedTemplate` to the new note, a pop-up asks if I want to create a `person`, or `computer` or `daily` note.  If I choose `person`, it automatically applies the [[PeopleTemplate]] to the new, unsorted note, and automatically moves it into the `People` folder.  Slick
	4. If the user cancels, or doesn't select any template from the pop-up, it just makes a blank note, and leaves it in the `Unsorted` folder.
- I modified the `Icon` plugin for Obsidian as well, to allow icons for notes to be defined in the #frontmatter. This will let you automatically add icons to any file that is derived from a template.  Just put the icon in the frontmatter for that template and the new note will have it automatically.
- Adding [[NodeRed]] to my [[Home Assistant]] installation so I can start automating that way too.  Eventually maybe I'll migrate all automations into Node Red (following [this documentation](https://www.thesmarthomebook.com/2021/04/14/basics-connecting-home-assistant-to-node-red/))


## Daily TODO
---




## Wrap-Up Notes
---
### Did I accomplish anything?
### Future things to consider?
#### Final Thoughts

