---
tags:
  - daily
---
<< [[Daily/2024-05-08|Yesterday]] |  [[Daily/2024-05-10|Tomorrow]] >>

## General Notes
---
### What is special about today?
Seems my home router might have ran into an error while I was attempting to add a NAT rule and port-forward to a Wireguard Container on [[kserver]].  Something went south and it started erroring out?  

Liz (working from home) was kicked off the network temporarily.  I think the router might have power-cycled itself.

At any rate, I believe it acquired a new Outside IP address in the process.  This of course led me to lose connectivity to my home network.

Why?  Well I believe the old kserver was running a cron job, that was updating my Digital Ocean DNS A Records for home.anealkhimani.com.  The new kserver has no such cron job in place.  I need to look at this when I get home today

Additionally, I was out on [[DigitalOcean]] and discovered that I still have 3 droplets running out there (HomeRecSupply - which is in the 'off' mode), SuperFastHomes and another (which I believe is currently running things like links.anealkhimani.com and books.anealkhimani.com).  

As part of this journey, I decided to make a backup of all the files in the HomeRecSupply Droplet at `/var/www`

I created a tarball of that whole directory, and utilized `scp` to copy it down to my local (LTI Windows lappy).  I'll move it to Dropbox too so I have a cloud reachable copy.  
```
tar -cf HomeRecSupply_Backup.tar /var/www
## This created a backup in the current directory (~)
scp anealkhimani@104.236.80.45:/home/anealkhimani/HomeRecSupply_Backup.tar ./
## This copied the file from the remote server (home rec supply droplet) to my local machine
```

I think this all means that I can officially shut down that droplet for good (like, destroy it) without any issues.  [[Shane Hester|Shane]] hasn't reached out to me in months (maybe years?).  I don't think his business is utilizing any of the stuff out there (which is why it existed in the first place).


### Learning/Working On:



## Daily TODO
---




## Wrap-Up Notes
---
### Did I accomplish anything?
### Future things to consider?
#### Final Thoughts

