---
tags:
  - daily
  - finance
---

<< [[Daily/2024-02-21|Yesterday]] | [[Daily/2024-02-23|Tomorrow]] >>
# General Notes
---
### What is special about today?
- Going to head out a little early today to intercept the foundation repair/inspection person Liz setup to come by the house.  Need to try to get home by around 3pm
- Conducting Email Safety presentation to half the LTI staff, second half will be tomorrow and any stragglers will be next week in a make-up session that I schedule.
- Modified my [[ADP]] direct deposit to divert an additional $85/pay period to our [[Chase]] joint checking account (to cover the change in our mortgage/property taxes)
- Was normally APA League night, but I've been ducking out of league night the last couple weeks.  I don't know what my end goal is.  I guess I just needed a break from those ppl?
- I still love shooting pool...

### Learning/Working On:
- did some cursory investigation on bird houses.  



# TODO
---
- [x] Need to design a second model of birdhouse, and maybe a bird feeder too so I can create one or two of them.  [completion:: 2024-04-16]
- [x] Investigate which birds are most common in GA, and create/download some plans for houses to accommodate them  [completion:: 2024-04-16]



## Wrap-Up Notes
---
### Did I accomplish anything?
### Future things to consider?
### Final Thoughts
- Foundation appraiser came by and basically outlined 2 options (one being dig up outside near the house and try to remedy issues there, 2 being jack-hammer up the basement floor and perhaps install a sump pump down there)  I'm not keen on installing a pump in the basement, but they do guarantee their work.
- I Think Liz and I should get a second and maybe even 3rd company to come out and give us [[2024-02-29#What is special about today?|estimates]].
